Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/out-of-maintenance-how-to-export-the-pivot-grids-data-to-a-file-t289831: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T289831)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

> # Pivot Grid for Web Forms - How to export the pivot grid's data to a file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Pivot Grid for Web Forms - How to Export the Pivot Grid's Data to a File

```

> This example shows how to export the pivot grid's data using the Data-Aware or WYSIWYG types and set the export options. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to export the Pivot Grid's data in the Data-Aware or WYSIWYG [types](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/114650/components/pivot-grid/export/export?p=netframework#export-types) and configure the export options. 

```

> - Click the **Export to XLSX** button to export data using the [Data-Aware type](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/114651/components/pivot-grid/export/export-to-tabular-formats). In the exported XLSX file, fixed row headers are disabled and a sheet name is set to "Pivot Grid Export".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click the **Export to XLSX** button to export data in the Data-Aware type. In the exported XLSX file, fixed row headers are disabled and a sheet name is set to "Pivot Grid Export".

```

> - Click the **Export to PDF** button to export data using the WYSIWYG type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click the **Export to PDF** button to export data in the WYSIWYG type.

```

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T289831)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
# Pivot Grid for Web Forms - How to Export the Pivot Grid's Data to a File

> This example shows how to export the Pivot Grid's data in the Data-Aware or WYSIWYG [types](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/114650/components/pivot-grid/export/export?p=netframework#export-types) and configure the export options. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example shows how to export the Pivot Grid's data for the Data-Aware and WYSIWYG [types](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/114650/components/pivot-grid/export/export?p=netframework#export-types), and configure the export options.
```

> - Click the **Export to XLSX** button to export data in the Data-Aware type. In the exported XLSX file, fixed row headers are disabled and a sheet name is set to "Pivot Grid Export".

Reviewer 2: I understand that Data-Aware and WYSIWYG are "types" (based on the above paragraph and corresponding link), but since you use the preposition "in" here, could we say "mode" instead? For example:

`- Click the **Export to XLSX** button to export data in Data-Aware mode. In the exported XLSX file, fixed row headers are disabled and the sheet name is set to "Pivot Grid Export".`

The reason I suggest "mode" is (although the topic is for WPF), I noticed this term used in the following link:
https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/10018/controls-and-libraries/data-grid/printing-and-exporting/data-aware-export

Author: ```suggestion
- Click the **Export to XLSX** button to export data in Data-Aware mode. In the exported XLSX file, fixed row headers are disabled and the sheet name is set to "Pivot Grid Export".
```
We've discussed it and come to the conclusion that it is okay to use "mode" here.

> - Click the **Export to PDF** button to export data in the WYSIWYG type.

Reviewer 2: See my explanation above regarding "mode". Can we say the following?

`- Click the **Export to PDF** button to export data in WYSIWYG mode.`

Author: ```suggestion
- Click the **Export to PDF** button to export data in WYSIWYG mode.
```

## Files to Look At

- [WebForm1.aspx](./CS/ASPPivotGridExport/WebForm1.aspx) (VB: [WebForm1.aspx](./VB/ASPPivotGridExport/WebForm1.aspx))
- [WebForm1.aspx.cs](./CS/ASPPivotGridExport/WebForm1.aspx.cs) (VB: [WebForm1.aspx.vb](./VB/ASPPivotGridExport/WebForm1.aspx.vb))

## Documentation

- [Pivot Grid Export](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/114650/components/pivot-grid/export/export-overview)

## More Examples

> - [Pivot Grid for Web Forms - How to Add Custom Header to an Exported PDF document](https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/export-aspxpivotgrid-with-additional-text-captions-in-header-or-footer-e1188)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Pivot Grid for Web Forms - How to Add a Custom Header to an Exported PDF document](https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/export-aspxpivotgrid-with-additional-text-captions-in-header-or-footer-e1188)
```
